"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken." - Oscar Wilde 

"All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them." - Walt Disney 

"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt 

"We cannot solve problems with the kind of thinking we employed when we came up with them." - Albert Einstein 

"Live a simple life; you will own the most beautiful treasures of the world!" - Unknown

“Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.” —Winston Churchill

“The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.” —Colin R. Davis

“There are three ways to ultimate success: The first way is to be kind. The second way is to be kind. The third way is to be kind.” —Mister Rogers

“Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to become the best of which you are capable.” —John Wooden

“Perfection is not attainable. But if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.” —Vince Lombardi

“Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.” —Helen Keller

“You learn more from failure than from success. Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character.” —Unknown

“When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.” —Paulo Coelho

“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” —Albert Einstein

“Stay away from those people who try to disparage your ambitions. Small minds will always do that, but great minds will give you a feeling that you can become great too.” —Mark Twain

“When you give joy to other people, you get more joy in return. You should give a good thought to the happiness that you can give out.” —Eleanor Roosevelt

“Courage is the most important of all the virtues because, without courage, you can’t practice any other virtue consistently.” ―Maya Angelou

“When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.” —Henry Ford


